Add configurable SpecRequestTimeout parameter to Application Registry (#4153)
kyma-project/kyma: components/application-registry/README.md

- **externalAPIPort** - This port exposes the Metadata API to an external solution. The default port is `8081`.
- **minioURL** - The URL of a Minio service which stores specifications and documentation.
- **namespace** - Namespace where Application Registry is deployed. The default Namespace is `kyma-system`.

> - **requestTimeout** - A timeout for requests sent through the Application Registry. It is provided in seconds. The default timeout is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **requestTimeout** - A time-out for requests sent through the Application Registry. It is provided in seconds. The default time-out is `1`.
```

Reviewer: Because we follow [MSG](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/t/time-out) ;)

Reviewer 2: Done

- **requestLogging** - A flag for logging incoming requests. The default value is `false`.

> - **specRequestTimeout** - A timeout for requests fetching specifications provided by the user. It is provided in seconds. The default timeout is `5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **specRequestTimeout** - A time-out for requests fetching specifications provided by the user. It is provided in seconds. The default time-out is `5`.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> - **assetstoreRequestTimeout** - A timeout for requests fetching specifications from the Asset Store Service. It is provided in seconds. The default timeout is `5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **assetstoreRequestTimeout** - A time-out for requests fetching specifications from the Asset Store Service. It is provided in seconds. The default time-out is `5`.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
